Add Warm node role for searchable snapshots (#9804)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _tuning-your-cluster/index.md

Ingest | Pre-processes data before storing it in the cluster. Runs an ingest pipeline that transforms your data before adding it to an index. | If you plan to ingest a lot of data and run complex ingest pipelines, we recommend you use dedicated ingest nodes. You can also optionally offload your indexing from the data nodes so that your data nodes are used exclusively for searching and aggregating.
Coordinating | Delegates client requests to the shards on the data nodes, collects and aggregates the results into one final result, and sends this result back to the client. | A couple of dedicated coordinating-only nodes is appropriate to prevent bottlenecks for search-heavy workloads. We recommend using CPUs with as many cores as you can.
Dynamic | Delegates a specific node for custom work, such as machine learning (ML) tasks, preventing the consumption of resources from data nodes and therefore not affecting any OpenSearch functionality. 

> Warm | Provides access to [searchable snapshots]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/snapshots/searchable_snapshot/). Incorporates techniques like frequently caching used segments and removing the least used data segments in order to access the searchable snapshot index (stored in a remote long-term storage source, for example, Amazon S3 or Google Cloud Storage). | Search nodes contain an index allocated as a snapshot cache. Thus, we recommend dedicated nodes with a setup with more compute (CPU and memory) than storage capacity (hard disk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Warm | Provides access to [searchable snapshots]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/snapshots/searchable_snapshot/). Incorporates techniques like frequently caching used segments and removing the least used data segments in order to access the searchable snapshot index (stored in a remote long-term storage source, for example, Amazon Simple Storage Service [Amazon S3] or Google Cloud Storage). | Search nodes contain an index allocated as a snapshot cache. Thus, we recommend using dedicated nodes with more compute (CPU and memory) than storage capacity (hard disk).
```
